Martin Luther King, Jr.+If a man has not discovered something that he will die for, he isn't fit to live.
Steve Jobs+If today were the last day of my life, would I want to do what I'm about to do today?
Socrates+Death may be the greatest of all human blessings.
Benjamin Franklin+If you would not be forgotten as soon as you are dead, either write something worth reading or do something worth writing.
Steve Jobs+Death is very likely the single best invention of Life. It is Life's change agent.
Martin Luther King, Jr.+No one really knows why they are alive until they know what they'd die for
Martin Luther King, Jr.+If physical death is the price that I must pay to free my white brothers and sisters from a permanent death of the spirit, then nothing can be more redemptive
Noel Riley Fitch+Dead or alive, interesting people are interesting people.
C.S. Lewis+The death of a beloved is an amputation.
C.S. Lewis+Never use abstract nouns when concrete ones will do. If you mean "More people died" don't say "Mortality rose".
Allison Choying Zangmo+We're not going to take any of these unimportant things with us after we die
Benjamin Franklin+in this world nothing can be said to be certain except death and taxes
James Dean+If a man can bridge the gap between life and death, if he can live on after he's dead, then maybe he was a great man.
Maya Angelou+People will forget what you said. People will forget what you did. But people will never forget how you made them feel.
Hector Berlioz+Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its students.
George Gordon Byron+This is to be mortal, And seek the things beyond mortality.
Marcus Aurelius+Your days are numbered. Use them to throw open the windows of your soul to the sun. If you do not, the sun will soon set, and you with it.
Juan Rulfo+Nothing can last forever. There isn't any memory, no matter how intense, that doesn't fade out at last
Mitch Albom, tuesdays with Morrie+Death ends a life, not a relationship
Plato+Death is not the worse that can happen to men.
Pablo Neruda+The graves are full of ruined bones, of speechless death-rattles. 
W. H. Auden+Death is the sound of distant thunder at a picnic
Kabir+Many have died; you also will die. The drum of death is being beaten. The world has fallen in love with a dream. Only sayings of the wise will remain
Norman Cousins+Death is not the greatest loss in life. The greatest loss is what dies inside while still alive.
Herman Melville+Death is only a launching into the region of the strange Untried; it is but the first salutation to the possabilities of the immense Remote, the Wild, the Watery, the Unshored.
Maya Angelou+People will forget what you said. People will forget what you did. But people will never forget how you made them feel.
Sogyal Rinpoche+Death is a mirror in which ther entire meaning of life is reflected
Charles Wright+Let go, live your life, the grave has no sunny corners
Jack Spicer+The dead are notoriously hard to satisfy
Zasep Rinpoche+Life is too short. Death can happen at any time, you don't know.
Sangye Khadro+To generate an experienience of death's inevitability, bring to mind people from the past: famous rulers and writers, musicians, philosophers, saints, scientists, criminals and ordinary people. These people were once alive-- they worked, thought and wrote; they loved and fought, enjoyed life and suffered. And finally they died.
Hannah Arendt+Death not merely ends life, it also bestows upon it a silent completeness, snatched from the hazardous flux to which all thing human are subject.
Allison Choying Zangmo+We're not going to take any of these unimportant things with us after we die.
Merck Manual on Death & Dying+In general, people dying of a chronic illness can donate only corneas, skin, and bone. People without chronic illness who die more suddenly can usually donate more organs, such as kidneys, liver, heart, and lungs. To become an organ donor, the person usually needs only to sign a standard organ donor card to let the doctor and family know.
Noel Riley Fitch+Dead or alive, interesting people are interesting people
Elizabeth Bishop+Hoping to live days of greater happiness, I forget that days of less happiness are passing by.
Rebecca Solnit+every minute of every hour of every day you are making the world, just as you are making yourself, annd you might as well do it with generosity and kindness and style
George Bernard Shaw+Life does not cease to be funny when people die any more than it ceases to be serious when people laugh.
Susan B. Anthony+Cautious, careful, people, always casting about to preserve their reputations can never effect a reform.
Julia Child+Drama is very important in life: You have to come on with a bang. You never want to go out with a whimper.
Merk Manual on Death & Dying+People in denial may act, talk, or think as through they are not dying. Denial is usually a temporary response to overwhelming fears about loss of control, separation from loved ones, an uncertain future, and suffering.
Caleb Wilde+There's so much BS in the world. We pursue bigger cars, bigger houses and bigger salaries that we become so materialized we can barely stand honesty, vulnerability and spirituality. That all changes around death.
Ursula K. Le Guin+The only thing that makes lief possible is permanent, intolerable uncertainty: not knowing what comes next.
Benjamin Franklin+Some people die at 25 and aren't buried until 75
Mark Strand+Each moment is a place you've never been
Mahatma Gandhi+Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.
Pablo Picasso+Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone 
Santipatthana Sutta+Bones gone rotten and become dust... This body of mine, too, is of the same nature as the dead body, is going to be like that body
Jorge Luis Borges+We forget that we are all dead men conversing with dead men
Sogyal Rinpoche+This world can seem marvelously convincing until death collapses the illusion and evicts us from our hiding place
Seneca+Success is not greedy, as people think, but insignificant. That is why it satisfies nobody.
Steve Jobs+Remembering that I'll be dead soon is the most important tool I've ever encourtered to help me make big choices in life.
Leonardo da Vinci+While I thought that I was learning how to live, I have been learning how to die.
Dr. Michael Nahm+Accounts suggest that during terminal lucidity, memory and cognitive abilities may function by neurologic processes different from those of the normal brain.
Willa Cather+The end is nothing; the road is all.
J.K Rowling+You are the true master of death, because the true master does not seek to run away from Death. He accepts that he must die, and understands that there are far, far worse things in the living world than dying.
Wallace Stevens+The way through the world is more difficult to find than the way beyond it
Jane Hirshfield+How fine is the mesh of death. You can almost see through it.
Moliere+It is not only for what we do that we are held responsible, but also for what we do not do
Frank Herbert+The beginning of knowledge is the discovery of something we do not understand
Merk manual on Death & Dying+People who do not talk with their families and health care providers about their preferences for care near the end of their life may receive treatements (such as chemotherapy or surgery) or end up living in situations (such as a hospital or nursing home) they would not have wanted.
Eugene Thacker+A new ignorance is on the horizon, an ignorance borne not of a lack of knowledge but of too much knowledge, too much data, too many theories, too little time
Richard Rohr+All great spirituality is about what we do with our pain
Socrates+Death may be the greatest of all human blessings
Mary Shelley+Nothing is so painful to the human mind as a great and sudden change
Sojourner Truth+Life is a hard battle anyway. If we laugh nd saing a little as we fight the good fight of freedom, it makes it all go easier. I will not allow my life's light to be determined by darkness aroun me.
Herman Melville+Death is only a launching into the region of the strange Untried; it is but the first salutation to the possibilities of the immense Remote, the Wild, the Watery, the Unshored.
E. E. Commings+laugh, leaning back in my arms for life's not a paragraph And death I think is no parenthesis
Caleb Wilde+A couple years ago, a granddaughter was giving her grandmother's eulogy at the funeral home. She shared that before she would take naps at her granmother's house, her grandmother would warm a blanket in the dryer, and as the granddaughter laid down, the grandma would drape the warm blanket over her.
William Blake+A fool sees not the same tree that a wise man sees
Ernest Hemingway+All Stories, if continued far enough, end in death, and he is no true-story teller who would keep that from you.
Charlie Chaplin+To truly laugh, you must be able to take your pain, and play with it!
Nelson Mandela+Resentment is like drinking poison and then hoping it will kill your enemies
Dr. Michael Nahm+The unexpected return of mental clarity and memory shortly before death in patients suffering from severe psychiatric and neurologic disorders, which we have called "terminal lucidity", has been reported in the medical literature over the past 250 years, but has received little attention.
Charles Wright+How many times can summer turn to fall in one life?
Buddha+I am of the nature to age, I have not gone beyound aging. I am of the nature to sicken, I have not gone beyond sickness. I am of the nature to die, I have not gone beyond dying. All that is mine, beloved and pleasing, will change, will become otherwise, will become separated from me.
Emily Dickinson+I am nobody! Who are you? Are you a nobody, too?
W.S. Merwin+Now all my teachers are dead except silence
Kabir+All know that the drop merges into the ocean, but few know that the ocean merges into the drop.
Ondrea Levine+When we worked with people on their deathbed, we would often hear the following three complaints: I wish I had gotten divorced earlier; I wish I had taken a job for love of the work, not money; I wish I had played and enjoyed myself more.
Benjamin Franklin+Some people die at 25 and aren't buried until 75
Jane Hirshfield+You may do this, I tell you, it is permitted. Begin again the story of your life.
Joni Mitchell+In some ways, the gift for music and writing was born out of tragedy, really, and loss.
Sangye Khadro+When we die, we go alone -- no one, not even our closest, dearest loved one, can accompany us. And being unable to accept this and let go of our attachment to our loved ones will cause our mind to be in turmoil and make it very difficult to have a peaceful death.
Federico Garcia Lorca+In each thing there is an insinuation of death. Stillness, silence, serenity are all apprenticeships.
Merck Manual on Death & Dying+Most people dear pain as they confront dying. However, nearly all people can be comfortable, and most can also remain awake and involved in the world. However, aggressive pain therapy may sometimes unavoidably cause sedation or confusion.
Merck Manual on Death & Dying+Unless the dying person has a contagious infetious disease that poses a risk to others, family members should be assured that touching caressing, and holdingthe body of a dying person, even for a while after the death, are acceptable.
Martin Heidegger+If I take death into my life, acknowledgef it, and face it squarely, I will free myself from the anxiety of death and the pettiness of life - and only then will I be free to become myself
Welcome to Night Vale+Death is only the end if you assume the story is about you
Huangbo Xiyun+Throughout this life, you can never be certain of living long enough to take another breath.
Abraham Lincoln+Die when I may, I want it said of me by those who knew me best, that I always plucked a thistle and planted a flower whre I thougbht a flower would grow.
Zona Gale+When you look at a corpse you can always sense your own breath better.
Jorge Luis Borges+The worst labyrinth is not that intricate form that can entrap us forever, but a single and precise straight line
Sherman Alexie+The dream he needed most was the dream that frightened him more 
Epicurus+Why should I fear death? If I am, death is not. If death is, I am not. Why should I fear that which cannot exist when I do.
Herman Melville+There are certain queer times and ovvasions in this strange mixed affair we call life when a man takes his whole universe for a vast practical joke.
Noel Riley Fitch+Dead or alive, interesting people are interesting people
Victor Hugo+It is nothing to die. It is frightful not to live.
Merck Manual on Death & Dying+Dying people are susceptible to pressure sores (also called pressure ulcers or bedsores), which cause discomfort and can lead to infections... Every effort should be made to prevent pressure sores by protecting the skin, and promptly reporting reddened or broken skin to the doctor or nurse.